(music) It's not every day that a zookeeper
went to prison for murder for hire.
There are more captive tigers in the US
Then there are in the wild throughout the world.
Animal people are nuts, man.
They're all crazy.
I'm sure y'all got a story to tell.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
My name's Joe Exotic. This is Sarge.
He was like a mythical character,
living out in the middle of Bumfuck, Oklahoma.
who owned 1,200 tigers and lions
and bears and shit.
Tell me you love me.
I'm outspoken, good looking, love to party and have fun.
I don't think we're done blowing shit up today.
I don't figure you are.
They have a heart and a soul and a mind.
I've learned from them.
But Carole Baskin keeps saying
I can't have these tigers.
If he ever had an enemy in his life,
it was Carole Baskin.
Hey, cool cats and kittens, it's Carole at Big Cat Rescue.
Carole was the Mother Teresa of cats.
We will end the private posession of these cats.
This is my way of living.
and nobody's gonna tell me otherwise.
Carole has an army of people working for free.
She's a plain out hypocrite.
She literally does everything I do.
So Joe said, "Will you go to Florida, and..." what?
"Kill that fucking lady".
What a story.
and it got way bigger!
Sometimes they say I'm a prototype for Scarface.
We're supposed to be sexy 'cause we're luring people in.
You may now kiss the grooms.
You're gonna have to kill me to shut me up.
This is my first album, I Saw a Tiger.
There's 28 songs and 16 music videos.
I saw a tiger
Now I understand
And the tiger saw a man
(silence)